feat(cli): Make Expo Metro config for web resolve projects using same `package.json` main fields as Expo Webpack (#19529)
expo/expo: docs/pages/workflow/expo-cli.mdx

- `EDITOR` (**string**) name of the editor to open when pressing `o` in the Terminal UI. This value is used across many command line tools.
- `EXPO_EDITOR` (**string**) an Expo-specific version of the `EDITOR` variable which takes higher priority when defined.
- `EXPO_IMAGE_UTILS_NO_SHARP` (**boolean**) disable the usage of global Sharp CLI installation in favor of the slower Jimp package for image manipulation. This is used in places like `npx expo prebuild` for generating app icons.

> - `EXPO_METRO_NO_MAIN_FIELD_OVERRIDE` (**boolean**) force Expo CLI to use the [`resolver.resolverMainFields`](https://facebook.github.io/metro/docs/configuration/#resolvermainfields) from the project `metro.config.js` for all platforms. By default, Expo CLI will use `['browser', 'module', 'main']` (default for Webpack) for web and the user-defined main fields for other platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `EXPO_METRO_NO_MAIN_FIELD_OVERRIDE` (**boolean**) force Expo CLI to use the [`resolver.resolverMainFields`](https://facebook.github.io/metro/docs/configuration/#resolvermainfields) from the project's **metro.config.js** for all platforms. By default, Expo CLI will use `['browser', 'module', 'main']`  which is the default for Webpack, for the web and the user-defined main fields for other platforms.
```

Let's bold filenames as per our [styleguide](https://github.com/expo/expo/blob/main/guides/Expo%20Documentation%20Writing%20Style%20Guide.md#filenames-as-bold-text).

- `EDITOR` (**string**) name of the editor to open when pressing `o` in the Terminal UI. This value is used across many command line tools.
- `EXPO_EDITOR` (**string**) an Expo-specific version of the `EDITOR` variable which takes higher priority when defined.
- `EXPO_IMAGE_UTILS_NO_SHARP` (**boolean**) disable the usage of global Sharp CLI installation in favor of the slower Jimp package for image manipulation. This is used in places like `npx expo prebuild` for generating app icons.

> - `EXPO_METRO_NO_MAIN_FIELD_OVERRIDE` (**boolean**) force Expo CLI to use the [`resolver.resolverMainFields`](https://facebook.github.io/metro/docs/configuration/#resolvermainfields) from the project's **metro.config.js** for all platforms. By default, Expo CLI will use `['browser', 'module', 'main']`  which is the default for Webpack, for the web and the user-defined main fields for other platforms.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- `EXPO_METRO_NO_MAIN_FIELD_OVERRIDE` (**boolean**) force Expo CLI to use the [`resolver.resolverMainFields`](https://facebook.github.io/metro/docs/configuration/#resolvermainfields) from the project's **metro.config.js** for all platforms. By default, Expo CLI will use `['browser', 'module', 'main']`, which is the default for Webpack, for the web and the user-defined main fields for other platforms.
```

My previous suggestion here had an extra space. My bad 🙏
